# MachineLearning_TensorFlow_GoogleCloudPlatform_course4_FeatureEngineering
Improving model accuracy with new features. Added new features with the appropriate representation to improve model accuracy.  A simple Dataflow pipeline (python and Apache Beam APIs).  Wrote a simple Dataflow pipeline in Python.  Executed the query on the local machine (cloud shell).  Executed the query on the cloud.   MapReduce in Dataflow (python).  Used pipeline options in Dataflow.  Carried out mapping transformations.  Carried out reduce aggregations.   NOTE—Redo This Part.  Computing Time-Windowed Features in Cloud Dataprep.  Ingested, transformed, and analyzed a taxi cab dataset using Google Cloud Dataprep.  Explored a complex data set, using a GUI in browser. Calculated key reporting metrics like the average number of passengers picked up in the past hour (rolling average using pre-built wrangler functions from data parameter).  Built a new Flow using cloud Dataprep.  Created and chained transformation steps with recipes.  Ran Cloud Dataprep jobs (Dataflow behind-the-scenes).     Improve ML model with Feature Engineering.  Worked with feature columns. Added feature crosses in TensorFlow.  Read data from BigQuery.  Created datasets using Dataflow.  Used a wide-and-deep model.  Exploring tf.transform. Wrote a Beam pipeline to analyze and transform the training data. Within the same Beam pipeline, transformed the evaluation data and saved the transform function to be later used during prediction. Modified evaluation input functions to read those pre-processed files.  Trained the model. Used Dataflow to do pre-processing at scale.  Carried out pre-processing efficiently as part of the model graph in TensorFlow during serving. Learned to do pre-processing over multiple CPUs in a distributed way using Cloud and to make use of efficiency of CPUs, GPUs, and TensorFlow processing unit during prediction.
